I'm just speaking of Philomena where's
Yaya was he here oh yeah there he is
getting pictures with celebrities he
doesn't do it for money he's not a
paparazzi he's just a guy who likes to
stand outside restaurants waiting for
famous people to come out to take
pictures with them how many celebrities
would you say you've been photographed
with over the years yeah yeah almost a
thousand something almost eight thousand
something which is a lot since the ayah
is such an expert on Hollywood we
thought we'd have him review some of
this year's Best Picture nominees what
movie are you gonna review for us
tonight yeah yeah captain Phillips I
don't know captain Phillips and and and
also the one sleeve okay I believe the
movie he's looking for is Philomena
and here's Yaya talking about the moon
action hi it's me aya
I'm talking about you about this that
show a movie I don't know that movie
that movie is I don't know I know the
lady she's the one
bleh assistant for double-oh-seven from
shin canary
Roger lure the guide the new one all of
them she's the one assess the column Oh
were you born were you born
she's control James Bond they like this
lady
she bled the movie the nun and that I
don't know his son your husband and
watched the movie blend theater right
now in good movie Philadelphia enjoy the
movie